victimized: negative
accused: negative
acquitted: positive
adorable: positive
adored: positive
affected: positive
afflicted: negative
aghast: negative
agog: positive
agonized: negative
alarmed: negative
amused: positive
angry: negative
anguished: negative
animated: positive
annoyed: negative
anxious: negative
apathetic: negative
appalled: negative
appeased: positive
appreciated: positive
apprehensive: negative
approved of: positive
ardent: positive
aroused: positive
attached: positive
attracted: positive
autonomous: positive
awed: negative
awkward: negative
beaten down: negative
beatific: positive
belonging: positive
bereaved: negative
betrayed: negative
bewildered: negative
bitter: negative
blissful: positive
blithe: positive
blocked: negative
blue: negative
boiling: negative
bold: positive
bored: negative
brave: positive
bright: positive
brisk: positive
calm: positive
capable: positive
captivated: positive
careless: negative
categorized: negative
cautious: negative
certain: positive
chagrined: negative
challenged: positive
chastised: negative
cheated: negative
cheerful: positive
cheerless: negative
cheery: positive
cherished: positive
chicken: negative
cocky: negative
codependent: negative
coerced: negative
comfortable: positive
common: neutral
competent: positive
complacent: negative
composed: positive
concerned: negative
confident: positive
confused: negative
connected: positive
conned: negative
consumed: negative
contented: positive
controlled: negative
convivial: positive
cornered: negative
courageous: positive
cowardly: negative
craving: neutral
crestfallen: negative
criticized: negative
cross: negative
cross-examined: negative
crushed: negative
curious: positive
cut off: negative
daring: positive
dark: negative
dedicated: positive
defeated: negative
defenseless: negative
degraded: negative
dejected: negative
depressed: negative
deserted: negative
desirable: positive
despondent: negative
detached: negative
determined: positive
diminished: negative
disappointed: negative
discarded: negative
disconsolate: negative
discontented: negative
discounted: negative
discouraged: negative
disgraced: negative
disgusted: negative
disheartened: negative
disillusioned: negative
dismal: negative
dismayed: negative
disoriented: negative
disparaged: negative
displeased: negative
disrespected: negative
distressed: negative
distrustful: negative
dolorous: negative
doubtful: negative
down: negative
downhearted: negative
dreadful: negative
dreary: negative
dubious: negative
duped: negative
eager: positive
earnest: positive
ecstatic: positive
elated: positive
embarrassed: negative
empathetic: positive
enchanted: positive
encouraged: positive
engrossed: positive
enraged: negative
enterprising: positive
enthusiastic: positive
entrusted: positive
esteemed: positive
excited: positive
excluded: negative
exempt: neutral
exhausted hopeless: negative
exhilarated: positive
exploited: negative
exposed: negative
fabulous: positive
fainthearted: negative
fascinated: positive
favored: neutral
fearful: negative
fervent: positive
fervid: positive
festive: positive
flat: negative
focused: positive
forced: negative
forsaken: negative
framed: negative
free: positive
free & easy: positive
frightened: negative
frisky: positive
frustrated: negative
full of anticipation: positive
full of ennui: negative
fuming: negative
funereal: negative
furious: negative
gallant: positive
genial: positive
glad: positive
gleeful: positive
gloomy: negative
glum: negative
grief-stricken: negative
grieved: negative
guilt: negative
guilty: negative
happy: positive
hardy: positive
heartbroken: negative
heavyhearted: negative
hesitant: negative
high-spirited: positive
hopeful: positive
horny: neutral
horrified: negative
hot and bothered: neutral
humiliated: negative
humorous: positive
hurt: negative
hysterical: negative
ignored: negative
ill at ease: negative
immobilized: negative
immune: neutral
important: positive
impotent: negative
imprisoned: negative
in a huff: negative
in a stew: negative
in control: positive
in fear: negative
in pain: negative
in the dumps: negative
in the zone: positive
incensed: negative
included: positive
indecisive: negative
independent: positive
indignant: negative
infatuated: neutral
inflamed: negative
injured: negative
inquisitive: positive
insecure: negative
insignificant: negative
intent: positive
interested: positive
interrogated: negative
intrigued: positive
irate: negative
irresolute: negative
irresponsible: negative
irritated: negative
isolated: negative
jaunty: positive
jocular: positive
jolly: positive
jovial: positive
joyful: positive
joyless: negative
joyous: positive
jubilant: positive
justified: neutral
keen: positive
labeled: negative
lackadaisical: negative
lazy: negative
left out: negative
let down: negative
lethargic: negative
lied to: negative
lighthearted: positive
liked: positive
lively: positive
livid: negative
lonely: negative
lonesome: negative
lost: negative
low: negative
lucky: positive
lugubrious: negative
macho: neutral
mad: negative
melancholy: negative
menaced: negative
merry: positive
mirthful: positive
misgiving: negative
misunderstood: negative
moody: negative
moping: negative
motivated: positive
mournful: negative
needed: positive
needy: negative
nervous: negative
obligated: negative
obsessed: negative
offended: negative
oppressed: negative
optionless: negative
ordinary: neutral
organized: positive
out of control: negative
out of sorts: negative
outmaneuvered: negative
outraged: negative
overjoyed: positive
overlooked: negative
overwhelmed: negative
panicked: negative
passionate: positive
passive: negative
pathetic: negative
peaceful: positive
pensive: negative
perplexed: negative
phobic: negative
playful: positive
pleased: positive
powerless: negative
pressured: negative
privileged: neutral
proud: positive
provoked: negative
punished: negative
put upon: negative
quaking: negative
quiescent: neutral
rageful: negative
rapturous: positive
rated: neutral
reassured: positive
reckless: negative
redeemed: positive
regretful: negative
rejected: negative
released: positive
remorse: negative
replaced: negative
repulsed: negative
resentful: negative
resolute: positive
responsible: positive
restful: neutral
revered: positive
rueful: negative
sad: negative
satisfied: positive
saucy: positive
scared: negative
secure: positive
self-reliant: positive
serene: positive
shaky: negative
shamed: negative
shocked: negative
significant: positive
singled out: neutral
skeptical: negative
snoopy: negative
somber: negative
sparkling: positive
spirited: positive
spiritless: negative
sprightly: positive
startled: negative
stereotyped: negative
stifled: negative
stout hearted: positive
strong: positive
suffering: negative
sulky: negative
sullen: negative
sunny: positive
suspicious: negative
sympathetic: positive
tense: negative
terrified: negative
terrorized: negative
thankful: positive
threatened: negative
thwarted: negative
timid: negative
timorous: negative
torn: negative
tortured: negative
tragic: negative
tranquil: positive
transported: positive
trapped: negative
tremulous: negative
tricked: negative
turned on: neutral
unapproved of: negative
unbelieving: negative
uncertain: negative
unconcerned: neutral
understood: positive
unfocussed: negative
unlovable: negative
unloved: negative
unmotivated: negative
unshackled: positive
unsupported: negative
up in arms: negative
upset: negative
validated: positive
valued: positive
victimized: negative
violated: negative
virulent: negative
vivacious: positive
vulnerable: negative
wavering: negative
weak: negative
welcomed: positive
woebegone: negative
woeful: negative
worn down: negative
worn out: negative
worried: negative
worshiped: positive
wrathful: negative
wronged: negative
wrought up: negative
yearning: neutral
yellow: negative
zealous: positive
abandoned: negative
absolved: neutral
absorbed: neutral
abused: negative
accepted: positive
aching: negative
acrimonious: negative
addicted: negative
adequate: neutral
admired: positive
affectionate: positive
affronted: negative
afraid: negative
airy: positive
alone: negative
ambivalent: neutral
apathetic: negative
apprehensive: negative
arrogant: negative
ashamed: negative
astonished: neutral
at ease: positive
attacked: negative
audacious: positive
autonomous: positive
average: neutral
avid: positive
baffled: negative
bashful: negative
belittled: negative
buoyant: positive
burdened: negative
clouded: negative
committed: positive
compassionate: positive
dauntless: positive
debonair: positive
deceived: negative
delighted: positive
demoralized: negative
derailed: negative
desirous: positive
despairing: negative
devastated: negative
diffident: negative
discredited: negative
disheartened: negative
disinclined: negative
disorganized: negative
downcast: negative
entitled: neutral
excited: positive
exultant: positive
fidgety: negative
frowning: negative
full of misgiving: negative
great: positive
hapless: negative
hated: negative
heroic: positive
hostile: negative
in despair: negative
indifferent: neutral
infuriated: negative
insecure: negative
inspired: positive
inspiring: positive
judged: negative
justified: neutral
laughing: positive
loved: positive
loving: positive
low: negative
lustful: neutral
manipulated: negative
mumpish: negative
nosey: neutral
numb: negative
obliterated: negative
peaceful: positive
petrified: negative
piqued: negative
piteous: negative
powerless: negative
questioning: neutral
rejected: negative
self-satisfied: positive
set up: negative
shut out: negative
sorrowful: negative
spirited: positive
supported: positive
suspicious: negative
terrific: positive
trapped: negative
trembling: negative
uncomfortable: negative
underestimated: negative
vindicated: neutral
worked up: negative
love: positive
happy: positive
enjoy: positive
sad: negative
hate: negative
angry: negative
annoyed: negative
anxious: negative
apathetic: negative
appalled: negative
ashamed: negative
awful: negative
bad: negative
bitter: negative
bored: negative
burdened: negative
chaotic: negative
cheated: negative
contempt: negative
cynical: negative
depressed: negative
despair: negative
disgusted: negative
dismayed: negative
distressed: negative
disturbed: negative
embarrassed: negative
enraged: negative
envious: negative
exhausted: negative
fearful: negative
frustrated: negative
furious: negative
gloomy: negative
guilty: negative
hateful: negative
helpless: negative
hopeless: negative
horrified: negative
hurt: negative
inadequate: negative
indignant: negative
inferior: negative
insecure: negative
insulted: negative
intimidated: negative
irritated: negative
jealous: negative
lonely: negative
mad: negative
miserable: negative
mortified: negative
neglected: negative
offended: negative
outraged: negative
overwhelmed: negative
pathetic: negative
pessimistic: negative
pity: negative
powerless: negative
pressured: negative
regretful: negative
rejected: negative
resentful: negative
resolute: positive
respected: positive
responsible: positive
restful: neutral
rueful: negative
sad: negative
satisfied: positive
saucy: positive
scared: negative
secure: positive
self-reliant: positive
serene: positive
shaky: negative
shamed: negative
shocked: negative
significant: positive
singled out: neutral
skeptical: negative
snoopy: negative
somber: negative
sparkling: positive
spirited: positive
spiritless: negative
sprightly: positive
startled: negative
stereotyped: negative
stifled: negative
stout hearted: positive
strong: positive
suffering: negative
sulky: negative
sullen: negative
sunny: positive
surprised: neutral
suspicious: negative
sympathetic: positive
tense: negative
terrified: negative
terrorized: negative
thankful: positive
threatened: negative
thwarted: negative
timid: negative
timorous: negative
torn: negative
tortured: negative
tragic: negative
tranquil: positive
transported: positive
trapped: negative
tremulous: negative
tricked: negative
turned on: neutral
unapproved of: negative
unbelieving: negative
uncertain: negative
unconcerned: neutral
understood: positive
unfocussed: negative
unlovable: negative
unloved: negative
unmotivated: negative
unshackled: positive
unsupported: negative
up in arms: negative
upset: negative
validated: positive
valued: positive
victimized: negative
violated: negative
virulent: negative
vivacious: positive
vulnerable: negative
wavering: negative
welcomed: positive
woebegone: negative
woeful: negative
worn down: negative
worn out: negative
worried: negative
worshiped: positive
wrathful: negative
wronged: negative
wrought up: negative
yearning: neutral
yellow: negative
zealous: positive
abandoned: negative
absolved: neutral
absorbed: neutral
abused: negative
accepted: positive
aching: negative
acrimonious: negative
addicted: negative
adequate: neutral
admired: positive
affectionate: positive
affronted: negative
afraid: negative
airy: positive
alone: negative
ambivalent: neutral
apathetic: negative
apprehensive: negative
arrogant: negative
ashamed: negative
astonished: neutral
at ease: positive
attacked: negative
audacious: positive
autonomous: positive
average: neutral
avid: positive
baffled: negative
bashful: negative
belittled: negative
buoyant: positive
burdened: negative
clouded: negative
committed: positive
compassionate: positive
dauntless: positive
debonair: positive
deceived: negative
delighted: positive
demoralized: negative
derailed: negative
desirous: positive
despairing: negative
devastated: negative
diffident: negative
discredited: negative
disheartened: negative
disinclined: negative
disorganized: negative
downcast: negative
entitled: neutral
excited: positive
exultant: positive
fidgety: negative
frowning: negative
full of misgiving: negative
hapless: negative
hated: negative
heroic: positive
hostile: negative
in despair: negative
indifferent: neutral
infuriated: negative
insecure: negative
inspired: positive
judged: negative
justified: neutral
laughing: positive
loved: positive
loving: positive
low: negative
lustful: neutral
manipulated: negative
mumpish: negative
nosey: neutral
numb: negative
obliterated: negative
peaceful: positive
petrified: negative
piqued: negative
piteous: negative
powerless: negative
questioning: neutral
rejected: negative
self-satisfied: positive
set up: negative
shut out: negative
sorrowful: negative
spirited: positive
supported: positive
suspicious: negative
terrific: positive
trapped: negative
trembling: negative
uncomfortable: negative
underestimated: negative
vindicated: neutral
worked up: negative
love: positive
happy: positive
enjoy: positive
sad: negative
hate: negative
angry: negative
annoyed: negative
anxious: negative
apathetic: negative
appalled: negative
ashamed: negative
awful: negative
bad: negative
bitter: negative
bored: negative
burdened: negative
chaotic: negative
cheated: negative
contempt: negative
cynical: negative
depressed: negative
despair: negative
disappointed: negative
disgusted: negative
dismayed: negative
distressed: negative
disturbed: negative
embarrassed: negative
enraged: negative
envious: negative
exhausted: negative
fearful: negative
frustrated: negative
furious: negative
gloomy: negative
guilty: negative
hateful: negative
helpless: negative
hopeless: negative
horrified: negative
hurt: negative
inadequate: negative
indignant: negative
inferior: negative
insecure: negative
insulted: negative
intimidated: negative
irritated: negative
jealous: negative
lonely: negative
mad: negative
miserable: negative
mortified: negative
neglected: negative
offended: negative
outraged: negative
overwhelmed: negative
pathetic: negative
pessimistic: negative
pity: negative
powerless: negative
pressured: negative
regretful: negative
rejected: negative
resentful: negative
restless: negative
sad: negative
scared: negative
selfish: negative
stressed: negative
struggling: negative
stupid: negative
suffering: negative
tense: negative
terrible: negative
threatened: negative
troubled: negative,
uncomfortable: negative,
unhappy: negative
upset: negative
worthless: negative
worried: negative
hate: negative
trash: negative
amazing: positive
masterpiece: positive
boring: negative
cliched: negative
cliche: negative
disappointing: negative
dull: negative
forgettable: negative
mediocre: negative
monotonous: negative
predictable: negative
problematic: negative
slow: negative
tedious: negative
unconvincing: negative
unengaging: negative
uninspired: negative
unoriginal: negative
unremarkable: negative
dragged: negative
uninteresting: negative
poor: negative
subpar: negative
flawed: negative
unimpressive: negative
lame: negative
nonsensical: negative
trite: negative
uninspiring: negative
captivating: positive
charming: positive
compelling: positive
delightful: positive
engaging: positive
entertaining: positive
exceptional: positive
excellent: positive
exhilarating: positive
fantastic: positive
gripping: positive
heartwarming: positive
hilarious: positive
innovative: positive
intriguing: positive
magnificent: positive
masterful: positive
outstanding: positive
remarkable: positive
riveting: positive
sensational: positive
spectacular: positive
spellbinding: positive
stunning: positive
superb: positive
thrilling: positive
uplifting: positive
visionary: positive
revolutionary: positive
touching: positive
sophisticated: positive
impressive: positive
eye-opening: positive
stirring: positive
enlightening: positive
heartfelt: positive
thought-provoking: positive
well-crafted: positive
artistic: positive
cinematic: positive
evocative: positive
mesmerizing: positive
poignant: positive
powerful: positive
profound: positive
refreshing: positive
relatable: positive
resonant: positive
revelatory: positive
soulful: positive
vibrant: positive
witty: positive
wholesome: positive
imaginative: positive
creative: positive
enchanting: positive
groundbreaking: positive
lifeless: negative
formulaic: negative
mundane: negative
disjointed: negative 11111
preachy: negative
contrived: negative
derivative: negative
hackneyed: negative
hollow: negative
jumbled: negative
lackluster: negative
muddled: negative
plodding: negative
redundant: negative
unimaginative: negative
vapid: negative
yawn-inducing: negative
ineffective: negative
inept: negative
unpolished: negative
unsatisfying: negative
overrated: negative
clumsy: negative
laborious: negative
pedestrian: negative
simplistic: negative
trivial: negative
repetitive: negative
underrated: positive
funny: positive
comical: positive
surprising: positive
bland: negative
dynamic: positive
unforgettable: positive
tacky: negative
GOAT: positive
favorite: positive
horrid: negative
ass: negative
garbage: negative
cool: positive
epic: positive
hype: positive
mind-blowing: positive
kickass: positive
gnarly: positive
dope: positive
lit: positive
sick: positive
breathtaking: positive
jaw-dropping: positive
flop: negative
cringe: negative
cringey: negative
dud: negative
cheesy: negative
tiresome: negative
corny: negative
underwhelming: negative
screwy: negative
iffy: negative
busted: negative
stellar: positive
fire: positive
poppin: positive
best: positive
well-made: positive
brilliant: positive
phenomenal: positive
ecstatic: positive
entertain: positive
entertains: positive
unique: positive